Performed two experiments: general prompt without specifying how to segment and another similar prompt but specifying to use stardist for nuclei segmentation

Tested: 
Claude - 3.5 Sonnet
chatGPT - 4-o
MetaAI - Llama 3.1 405-B
Gemini - 1.5 Flash
Copilot - Not able to find the model name. 

Experiment 1:
For general prompt without specifying stardist for segmentation:
All models chose threshold segmentation and required multiple prompts to get the code working. 
 
Claude - Additional prompts:
1. Prompt about - the shape of .czi image after reading using czifile
2. Prompt about - AttributeError: module 'skimage.segmentation' has no attribute 'peak_local_max'
3. Prompt about - TypeError: peak_local_max() got an unexpected keyword argument 'indices'

Code actually worked and segmented nuclei. So asked extra questions about fine-tuning the segmentation:
4. The code works great. The nuclei are being over-segmented. What can I do to adjust the sensitivity of nuclei separation?


chatGPT - Additional prompts
1. Prompt about - the shape of .czi image after reading using czifile
2. Prompt about: TypeError: peak_local_max() got an unexpected keyword argument 'indices'
3. Prompt about: ValueError: operands could not be broadcast together with shapes (481,2) (1104,1376) 
Bad results, bad segmentation. May be workable, with enough patience. 


Meta AI - Additional prompts
1. Prompt about - the shape of .czi image after reading using czifile
2. Prompt about - AttributeError: module 'skimage.morphology' has no attribute 'watershed'
Bad results, horrible segmentation. 



Gemini - Additional prompts:
1. Prompt about - the shape of .czi image after reading using czifile
2. Prompt about - NameError: name 'peak_local_max' is not defined
3. Prompt about - TypeError: peak_local_max() got an unexpected keyword argument 'indices'
4. Prompt about - NameError: name 'ndi' is not defined
5. Prompt about - ValueError: operands could not be broadcast together with shapes (0,2) (1104,1376,1)
Bad results, horrible segmentation. 


Copilot - Copilot is the worst as it used cv2 to try to open .czi image, despite mentioning that I will be working with .czi image.


Experiment 2: 
For stardist based segmentation and analysis.

1. chat GPT - winner. Code worked the first time for stardist based segmentation and analysis. Nice and concise code. 

2. Claude is a close second. Code worked fine the first time with stardist but it forgot to normalize the image leading to wild results. Second prompt provided to normalize. 

3. Meta AI - also a close second. Code worked fine the first time with stardist but it forgot to normalize the image leading to wild results. Second prompt provided to normalize. 

4. Gemini: Bad for coding. No point in even running the code. The language model doesn't seem to know how
stardist model gets imported and used to segment nuclei. 

5. Copilot: Horrible. Recommended cv2 to open .czi file in the first test so didn't even try for the second test. 


Got statistically identical results for segmentation and intensity measurements with chatGPT, Claude, and MetaAI for the ratio of intensities. 
